Text

Under the overall supervision of Team Lead ensure that cyber security alerts from the SIEM and multiple sources are dealt with by the entire team within SLA. Communicate and escalate as per defined process.

Alerts from the SIEM and multiple sources are dealt within SLA

Have overview of Content Management & Marketplace. Downloading and installing content.
Hands on experiance in Enabling and Configuring Integrations, Playbook Development


Configure and map a threat intel feed integration from different sources
 	
Integrate SOAR platform with other security tools and APIs to execute automated workflows

Familiarity with Splunk Search Processing Language (SPL) and/or Elastic Domain Specific Language (DSL) and/or regex

Information gathering, port and vulnerability scanning and analysis according to policy

Develop reports and other capabilities to support the needs of our clients

Investigate host, network and log-based security events

Expertise in network, host, and cloud-based security, attack techniques, analysis, and investigation

Perform network reconnaissance activities and acquire OSINT to support engagements.

————

Integrate SOAR platform with other security tools & APIs to design and execute incident response automated workflows

Exposure to using frameworks and compliances like MITRE ATT&CK. CIS Critical Controls, OWASP etc.

involved in threat hunting activities from building hypothesis to finding evidence and enhancing security controls and detection logic

On-boarding log sources and working on log source issues, troubleshooting and Installing SIEM solution.

Identify gaps in existing architecture setup and recommend strategies using industry-standard security best practices and other necessary changes to promote a higher level of information security practices.

Monitor, research, and evaluate cyber threat intelligence to maintain a broad understanding and knowledge of the evolving threat landscape and adversarial tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs).

Research, diagnose, troubleshoot and identify solutions to resolve client issues

Perform static and dynamic malware analysis  using tools(Wireshark, PE Studio, Procmon, Any.run, Hybrid Analysis)

Manage cyber-threat related requests coming from client by collecting all the necessary information, responding to standard requests and escalating complex issues.

Perform automated and manual hands-on penetration security testing, identifying security risks within web applications.
